Holding this miniature trinket, you feel heavier and more stable.
The key to a refreshing night's rest.
This ancient manuscript contains wisdom from a past age.
A tool to glean invaluable knowledge from the stars.
A once popular toy in the City. Useful for throwing enemies off balance.
Oversized adventurer's pack. Has many pockets and straps.
This urn shows the crow god Mazaleth looking mischievous.
The rage grows darker.
Originally discovered in the town of the serpent, beside a solitary candle.
A vial containing the blood of a pure and elder vampire.
The idol now weeps a constant stream of blood.
The flame ignites when shrouded in darkness.
Inside the bottle resides a flame that eternally burns.
Peering into the swirling maelstrom, you see a part of yourself staring back.
The bottle gently hums and whirs.
The sharp scales of the Guardian. Rearranges itself to protect its user.
Your body's own blood burns with an undying rage.
"Interesting! Even automatons are affected by placebo." - Ranwid
"Mechanical precision leads to greatness" - The Architect
This dark iron bell rang 3 times when you found it, but now stays silent.
The Merchant is actually a rather skilled potion brewer. Buy 4 get 1 free.
Upon solving the puzzle, you feel a powerful warmth in your chest.
Deprecated
Only the greatest may wear this belt.
Charon was said to be the god of rebirth, eternally dying and reviving in a burst of flame.
WARNING: Do not combine with sugar, spice, and everything nice.
You ran out of relics to find. Impressive!
The mysterious life force which powers the Automatons within the Spire. It appears to be cracked.
The crack in your core has been filled with a pulsating cold energy.
You can feel the malicious energy emanating from the key. Power comes at a price.
The stone draws power from dark energy, converting it into vitality for the wearer.
This disk contains precious data on birds and snakes.
The branch of a tree from a forgotten era.
Placeholder
A very dapper looking monocle indeed.
The runes are indecipherable.
The northern tribes would often use dream catchers at night, believing they led to self improvement.
A doll devised to gain strength from malicious energy.
This blob of slime and energy seems to pulse with life.
...<3...?
The legendary journal of an ancient lich.
This feather appears to be completely indestructible. What bird does this possibly come from?
The egg lies inert and frozen, never to hatch.
Staring into the eye, you see a glimpse of your future.
You can see a small inscription on one side. It reads: "Bear's Lucky Chip!"
A potent tool in many tonics.
This Girya is unfathomably heavy. You could train with this to get significantly stronger.
Made of solid gold, you feel richer just holding it.
"Gremlin Nobs are capable of growing until the day they die. Remarkable." - Ranwid
This unceasingly joyous plant is a popular novelty item among nobles.
"Delicious!"
Push. Pull. Stack. Repeat.
A ward against the unknown.
A blade favored by assassins for its lethality at range.
An eerie lantern which illuminates only for the wielder.
"Tastiest treat you will find in all the Spire! Baked today just for you."
Unnaturally sharp.
DEPRECATED
A fake tail to trick enemies during combat.
A flower long thought extinct, somehow preserved in perfect condition.
The most coveted forgotten fruit. Impeccably preserved with no signs of Spireblight.
This brand was used by the northern tribes to signify warriors who had mastered pain in battle.
A stackable set of painted dolls. The paint depicts an unknown bird with white eyes and blue feathers.
The meat keeps replenishing, never seeming to fully run out.
"Has everything you need! Anti-itch, anti-burn, anti-venom, and more!"
"Bonus membership offer for my most valuable customers!"
An enchanted hourglass that endlessly drips.
The egg of a Phoenix. It glows red hot with a simmering lava.
Frequently twitches, especially when your pulse is high.
Only a fool would try and harness this evil power. At night your dreams are haunted by images of the book devouring your mind.
The blessing of lamentation bestowed by Neow.
Crafted by the infamous game master himself. Said to expand one's mind.
Contains the secrets of assassination.
The strange gift from N'loth. Whenever you try and unwrap it, another wrapped box of the same size lies within.
Ooooh...
"After consuming trichella parastius I felt larger and less... susceptible." - Ranwid
You have never seen something so smooth and pristine. This must be the work of the Ancients.
Unique coins are highly valued by merchants for their historical value and rare metallic composition.
A common charm for staving off vile spirits. This one seems to possess a spark of divine energy.
A green tinted metal of an unknown origin. Seemingly indestructible.
The fan seems to extend and harden as blood is spilled.
"Once you understand the universe..." - Zoroth
You have a bad feeling about opening this.
"Solid foundations are not accidental. Tools for planning are a must." - The Architect
An origami of a creature from a past age.
The paper continually folds and unfolds itself into the shape of a small creature.
Clears the mind and cleanses the soul.
A common fruit before the Spireblight.
Holding the nib, you can see everyone ever slain by a previous owner of the pen. A violent history.
Raw energy emanates from the stone, empowering all nearby.
I can hold more Potions using this belt!
The wheel continues to spin, never stopping.
"Those with more choices minimize the downside to chaos." - Kublai the Great
You ran out of relics. Impressive!
This very stylish looking mask belongs to the leader of the Red Mask Bandits. Technically that makes you the leader now?
A small skull covered in ornamental paint.
Now you can get a proper night's rest.
Your ring has morphed and changed forms.
Made from a fossilized snake. Represents great skill as a huntress.
More is better.
The runes are indecipherable.
The runes are indecipherable.
The runes are indecipherable.
"Most curious! It appears to form itself loosely on my thoughts! Tele-clay?" - Ranwid
The Spire houses all number of relics from past civilizations and powerful adventurers lost to time. Time to go dig them up!
Lightweight throwing weapons. Recommend going for the eyes.
This well-used artifact rings out with a beautiful melody when struck.
Mask worn by the Merchant. He must have spares...
A snecko skull in pristine condition. Mysteriously clean and smooth, dirt and grime fall off inexplicably.
An eye of a fallen snecko. Much larger than you imagined.
You notice that magical liquids seem to lose their properties when near this relic.
The charred remains of your offering to the spirits.
Staring at the spoon, it appears to bend and twist around before your eyes.
"Delicious! Haven't seen any of these since the blight." - Ranwid
"Early man's foolish obsession with time caused them to look to the sky for guidance, hoping for something permanent." - Zoroth
A little bit of bad can do a lot of good...
The Merchant's personal pet!
"Fascinating! I found a mutated creature demonstrating astounding toxic properties. Storing a sample for later examination." - Ranwid
Wrapping the magical thread around your body, you feel harder to the touch.
The sound this instrument generates seems to be capable of reverberating to painful levels of volume.
"A fine prototype." - The Architect
"A near perfect implementation of miniaturization. My finest work to date, but still not adequate." - The Architect
A tool for every job.
Holding the small Torii, you feel a sense of calm and safety drift through your mind.
Loss gives strength.
"What a marvelous discovery! This appears to be the inert egg of some magical creature. Who or what created this?" - Ranwid
"This little toy is the perfect companion for the lone adventurer!"
Best with Ginger.
The top continues to spin effortlessly as if you were in a dream.
An ornamental relic given to warriors displaying glory in battle.
"Immense power, but too limited." - Kublai the Great
In the past, Ironclads would create wards using enchanted war paint before charging into battle.
"Flesh never beats steel." - Kublai the Great
A small white statue of a creature you have never seen before.
When wound up, the boot grows larger in size.
In the Beyond, thoughts and reality are one.
The Champ's crown... or a pale imitation?
The smoke imbues its owner with the spirit of the burned.
"How unusual to cage that which you worship." - Ranwid
Once wielded, the owner can never let go.
"Yes, another cup please. Back to work. Back to work!" - The Architect
The most fulfilling of lives is that in which you can buy anything!
"The results seem fleeting, triggering when the subject is in danger." - Unknown
Everyone loves Cleric.
You feel hungry.
Time to run.
Part of the Flock!
"One...Two...Three..."
"I look funny in this."
"So many intricate gears."
"Complimentary meatballs with every visit!"
"I wouldn't drink out of it."
"Spirals are dangerous."
The Kite floats around you in battle, propelled by a mysterious force.
"A handy tool for dealing with particularly tough opponents."
"Made from various fungi found throughout the Spire, they will stave off any affliction."
Handy for assassinations.
The passage of time is imperceptible in the Spire.
A good training tool. Improves the posture and agility of the wielder.
Emanates an infernal heat.
The insect seems to create a shrinking aura that targets particularly large enemies.
The hands seem stuck on the 3 o'clock position.
Seemingly indestructible, you wonder what kind of creature this belonged to.
Looking through the shard, you are able to see entirely new perspectives.
The cursed tongs emit a strong desire to return to where they were stolen from.
Stylish.
Surprisingly popular, despite maw attacks being a regular occurrence.
Mysterious sands from an unknown origin. Smells of cinnamon.
Filtered through fine sand and free of impurities.
Collected from a time before the Spire.
A bark rumored to originate from the World tree.
Once exhausted, appears to refill itself in a different color.
You cannot have light without dark. Or can you?
"And the sun was extinguished forever, as if curtains fell before it." - Zoroth
"Muuu~"
The old texts describe that the surface of "mana pools" were littered with these flowers.
Its owner blind, its contents unseen.
Meticulously painted, these fish were revered to bring great fortune.
Rusty miserable chains.
It's beat up.
A simple but sturdy design.
It's very very heavy.
Pleasant to hold in the hand. What was it for?
Wooden trinket carved with delicate precision. A name is carved into it but the language is foreign.
See into the minds of those nearby, predicting their future moves.
The sound of the small drum keeps your mind awake, revealing a path forward.