#bSnackmaster's #bRecipe #bCollection #bNr.
Louse Burger: NL - 1 freshly killed Louse ( #rRed is preferred, #gGreen ones are too bitter) NL - 1 suspicious bun from Ranwid (toasted for texture) NL - A dollop of Slime Goo (extra zest) NL NL Preparation: NL - Flatten the Louse with a well-aimed #rBash to the body. NL - Sear the Louse over a campfire during a rest, flipping it occasionally. NL - Spread Slime Goo generously on the toasted bun. NL - Layer the cooked Louse between the slices. NL - Garnish with the louse antennae (if you're feeling fancy). NL NL Bone apple tea!
Maw Fillet: NL - 1 freshly subdued #bJaw #bWorm NL - A splash of Spire Sauce (aged for 1000 cycles minimum) NL - Powdered Nob horn (adds extra vitality) NL NL Preparation: NL - Stun the Jaw Worm with a well-timed Zap to its shnozz. NL - Carefully carve off the upper body and lay it on a plate. NL - Drizzle generously with Spire Sauce. NL - Sprinkle Nob horn powder for that extra kick. NL NL Bone apple tea!
Spire Spaghetti: NL - 1 squirming #gWrithing #gMass (pick one with extra tendrils for more servings) NL - Some Nemesis ectoplasm (disappears if not well-sealed!) NL - A squeeze of Mango juice  (offset cursed energies) NL NL Preparation: NL - Pin the Writhing Mass with a bag-full of #gShivs to its tentacles. NL - Detangle the freshest tendrils and blanch them in a bubbling cauldron at a campfire. NL - Pour the Nemesis ectoplasm and Mango juice in there. NL - Arrange the tendrils on a plate. NL - Optional: Garnish with a #bglowing #borb (for ambiance). NL NL Bone apple tea!
#yNote: When people buy something at my stand and then XYZ(add small secret interaction here)
Hello there! Welcome to the world of Pokemon.
My name is Oak.
People call me the Pokemon Professor.
This world is inhabited by creatures called Pokemon!
For some people, Pokemon are pets. Others use them for fights.
Myself...
I study Pokemon as a profession.
First, what is your name?
This is my grandson. He's been your rival since you were a baby.
Your very own POkemon legend is about to unfold!
A world of dreams and adventures with Pokemon awaits!
Let's go!
Stop right there, kid! You're still light years from facing Brock!
It's super effective!
It's not very effective...
I like shorts! They're comfy and easy to wear!
Oh no! I dropped the lift key!
We hope to see you again.
Welcome to our Pokemon Center!
Ok. We'll need your Pokemon.
Thank you! Your Pokemon are fighting fit.
We heal your Pokemon back to perfect health!
I found these fossils! They're both mine!
Smell ya later!
Huh? You want to talk to me?
My favorite RAPIDASH... It... cute... lovely... smart...
Critical hit!
Hi there!
May I help you?
Take your time.
You feel the chaos flow into your deck...
The statue looks disappointed...
Fear the golden ball... I usually make offers that cost you more than an arm and a leg.
However... since I lost my right... erm, brother? I'm willing to make a deal with ya for cheap.
So which will it be?
You grab the ball and stuff it into your pocket. Aside from some muffled screaming, there don't seem to be any other effects.
Suddenly, you feel a chill run down your leg as a portion of your life force is drained away. You begin to feel a paranormal presence near you...
You'll regret this...
You inspect the card... it seems to be an autographed bootleg.
I was saving that one for someone special but I guess you can have it as well...
You pocket a slimy potion vial that looks suspiciously like the ball you got it from...
Put that to good use, took me a while to save up that much.
Was I not charming enough for you?
Hi there! Nice to see the café bustling, isn't it? I'm taking a quick rest, this backpack is really heavy you know.
Say, could I interest you in some of the junk I've got in here? I'll be fine without it and it would cut down on how much this thing weighs. And for some reason I'm carrying around all these bags and boxes....
After rummaging around for a bit, the Packmistress pulls out what looks like a well-worn sack and a big box, indicating that they're both for trade. NL NL \"Café regulations require a fair price, so I'll have to charge you for these!
Thanks, my pack feels lighter now! Hope you can make good use of that.
Thanks, looks like your pack is just as big as mine now!
You wouldn't believe all the stuff I've got in here.
There's a pack where every card is a Claw, how awesome is that?
One day they will make the final pack.
I've got over a thousand different cards I can sell.
Will anyone read this text?
Cards from the same pack often synergize with each other.
Hope you're enjoying the Café!
Hey, I recognize you.
I've prepared a full spread from this delightful pack, just for you.
I wonder what you can do by mixing together these two packs?
I've got a might fine selection of rares for you today.
Check out all these Skims.
This is a very striking shop.
Ended up with too many iron waves in my pack, want to take some off my hands?
Enough energy to power a whole country.
Use these cards before they fade away.
First turn best turn.
These cards are free... but they still cost gold. And a card draw.
Don't you wish you had Chemical X right now?
One use per fight only! Or sometimes more.